Hi, what is the best breakfast in flagstaff?
Should I go to the Grand Canyon or Sedona? What is my best choice?
thank you 
hi
How does the train to the grand canyon work?
What is the major attration that bring the most people to Flagstaff?
And where is brix restaurant?
I was planning to take the amtrak and go to santa barbara. Is it a good trip to do?
Hi. I have 1 hour only. What should I do?
Anything I must see there?
thank you
is there a AAA office near hear?
We are interested in a cabin in area, are there realty offices nearby.
we will need maps.   What is north of Flagstaff?
thank you
hi
I was thinking about visiting the Arizona Museum. Is it worth?
Is it far away from here?
Is it interesting to work around in this part of the city?
Is it worth to visit Sedona?
Can I leave my car parked here at the Visitor Center to walk around?
Is the museum in this route 66?
Do you know the entrance cost for the museum?
thank you
Where is the historic center of the city?
what is the main source of revenue for the local people?
Can I go there by foot? historic downtow
What are the main places to visit in the city?
Where is the best place to eat? How many habitants does flagstaff have?
what do have like more traditional?
When was flagstaff formed.
Why do they call it Flagstaff.
thank you
hi
Are there restaurants here in downtown?
hi
What is the best jeep tour of the vortex in Sedona?
Would it be the same for the Grand Canyon?
Thank you
What's the best restaurant downtown
Anything
Tahi
Thank you
Nothing else thank you
hi
should I go to the grand canyon if it is likely to rain?
Oh, I see. thank you
hi
Is there free parking in downtown
what are the best toddler friendly things to do in Flagstaff? Is there any great places to eat that the locals rave about?
and is there shadow areas to walk in downtown?
it is too sunny
I wanna walk in areas where I don't stay a lot in the sun
thank you
hello
Where can I find a good ice cream shopping?
where do I pay for the parking here at the visitor center?
ok thank you
hi
where is trift
where are area thirf shos
where are thrift stores in flagstaff?
How old is Flagstaff?
Where should I go?
I like the outdoors and easy hikings
thank you
Hello. I have a question
Where's a place to watch world cup in downtown
Oh wow!! We need to get to that pub quickly then.
Yes, are there any thrift shops near here?
Hi
Where would I be able to get free food.
Ok thank you so much. That was all. Hi
Does the tourist center have a city map
Hi
Is it possible to visit the original space where Casablanca was shot?
Thank you Hello, we we're wondering what are some notable buildings along route 66 to visit while going through the city?
We've read through one of the tours, we'll have to get our own and check it out. One thing that was mentioned was the underground tunnels dug by Chinese residents and later on the steam power plant, are there any areas to see these tunnels?
Thanks for the help!
Hi
Where can  park for more than 15 minutes?
Free
Can you send me a map of how to get there from the visitor center?
Where are the nearest used bookstores to the visitor center?
with map?
OK, thanks for your help!
Hi!
Can you advise on a nearby camping ground. Dog friendly and with drinking water. Tents only. Thanks
Hi
Are there any vegetarian friendly restaurants in or near downtown?
Thank you!
Are there also any parks with playgrounds close by?
Great! Thanks!