Hello. If you want a Southwest-style breakfast (on the spicy side) go to Martanne's (112 Historic Rte 66). For frou-frou breakfast with lots of options, Toasted Owl is good (12 S Mikes Pike St). And tradition breakfast with big portions, go to Mike & Ronda's The Place (21 S. Milton).
I would say the Grand Canyon, it's iconic and on many "bucket lists". Sedona is closer however (30 minutes vs. 1.5 hours), so if you are pressed for time, I would say that the red rocks of Sedona are definitely worth seeing.
Hi. The Grand Canyon Railway departs from Williams each morning around 9am it is about a three hour ride to the Grand Canyon where you get off the train and have about 4 hours to explore the Grand Canyon on your own or you can add a bus tour to see the canyon during this time. Then you will get back on the train and arrive back in Williams at about 5:30pm.The Grand Canyon is what brings most of the visitors to Flagstaff.
Brix restaurant is on North San Francisco Street, about three blocks north of downtown.
Yeah this would be a nice trip you would leave Flagstaff at 8:57 and it would be an over night train to Los Angles where you would transfer trains and head to Santa Barbra.If you only have one hour in Flagstaff I would explore the historic downtown area there are many shops, local restaurants and art galleries in the area and this will give you a good feel for the community.
A couple highlights are the historic two spot train, the Hotel Monte Vista, The Weatherford Hotel and the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary Church.
your welcomeNo there is not a AA office in Flagstaff the closest one is located in Prescott which is about an hour and a half away. If you are looking for maps or Arizona, Flagstaff or our surrounding states the Visitor Center can provide these to you for no charge.
Remax has an office in the downtown are a they are located at the on North Humphreys street just before birch ave.
Inside the Visitor Center they can provide you with maps of the area, there is a street map of Flagstaff that will show the area north of town as well.
If you take highway 180 norther there are some neigborhoods that are a bit more rural near the San Francisco peaks if you take highway 89 north you will find more rural neighborhoods called doney park. this is where amny people with horses or other animal live.
Your WelcomHow can I help you?
The Museum of Northern Arizona is 3 miles north of of downtown it is definitely worth it they have great exhibits on the native cultures of our region as well as the geology and paleontology or our region.
Yes is is interesting and fun to work in this part of the city.
Sedona is also worth a visit the re rocks in the are a are beautiful and the new age arts culture of Sedona a very unique.
You can leave you car parked on the east side of the Visitor Center for $1 per hour the west lot is only 15 minutes.
No the museum is on Highway 180, from the Visitor Center you will take a left on Route 66, a right on Humphreys street and when Humphreys ends at highway 180 make another left then watch for the signs.
The admission to the the museum is $12 of adults, $10 for seniors or military, and $8 for Children.
your welcomeYou are in the center of the historic downtown just across Route 66 is the main area.
The main industry in Flagstaff is Tourism, yes you can reach downtown by foot just head to the light on the East side of the train station and across the street at San Francisco St and you will be in the downtown.
The main places to visit the city are the historic downtown, Lowell Observatory, and the Museum of Northern Arizona. There are also many great outdoor activities just outside of town.
Flagstaff has about 70,000 residents. What type of food would you like?
Charley Pub and grill does Southwestern and American food they have a Navajo Taco that is local to the area, Martannes Cafe is another local southwestern restaurant that is a local favorite, or Diablo Burger which serves local grass fed beef.Flagstaff was formed in 1882 as a railroad town.
It was named Flagstaff because when the explorers were surveying the area they reached this area on the centennial of the signing of the Declaration of Independence and stripped a pine tree of its branches to raise up their American Flag. it was known from then on as Flagstaff.
Your WelcomeHow can I help you?
Yes there are over 90 restaurants downtown, is there a type of food you are in the mood for?How Can I help You?
For Jeep tours I would recommend Pink Jeep Tours, their Touch the Earth Tour would take you to the vortex sites.
For a tour of Grand canyon From Flagstaff I would recommend All Star Grand Canyon, Grand Canyon Adventures or Canyon Country Tours.
Your welcome.Okay, thank you so much! My name is <Tour Guide A>. To answer your question, what kind of food are you looking for?
We have 85 locally-owned and operated restaurants in the downtown area. Is this for breakfast or lunch? To give you an idea, we have diners, southwest, Mexican, Italian, pizza, cafes, vegetarian, and so on.
We have some really great Thai restaurants downtown. If you're looking for very traditional Thai with fish sauce, Swaddee is on Aspen Ave, and then Pato Thai is right up San Francisco St, about a half block up from the Hotel Monte Vista.
Not a problem! Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Okay! Thank you!Yeah It is still worth a visit typically it doesn't rain all day it will just be on and off, When the clouds are in the sky after a thunderstorm they make the best sunsets if yo are able to stay at the Grand Canyon until Sunset.
Your welcomHow can I help you?
No to park in the downtown area it costs $1 per hour for free parking you have to park and walk to downtown, from either north of Cherry Ave. or West of Sitgreives St.
There are some great National Monuments that are toddler Friendly called Sunset Crater and Wupatki , Sunset Crater is an extinct volcano and and Wuptaki is ancient ruins with a blow hole that is very popular with Children. Pioneer Museum is another good attraction for toddlers as they have a room called playthings of the past and a historic Train.caboose. Is there a type.
 For local favorite there is Lumberyard or Beaver Street breweries, Casa Duarnte, Fat Olives, or Altitudes Bar And Grill to name a few.
What do you mean by shadow areas?
If you stay to the shaded side of the street there should be areas to walk out of the sun downtown or you could take one of our urban trails that go through the woods such as the Mars Hill trail.
your welcomeHello there are a couple placed dowtown The Flagstaff Chocolate Company in the old town shops or The Nut House on Aspen Ave.
if you want to pay cash you can do that inside at the register to pay bu credit card the kiosk is located on the sidewalk near the dumpster on the East side of the building.
Your welcomeHello How can i help you?
There is one just over the rail road tracks on Phoenx ave called the Garden Thrift Store
The others are located on the east side of town their is a goodwill and Saveers located about 5miles downRoute 66 by the Flagstaff Mall
on 4th street which is about three miles down Route 66 there are a couple more Sharon's attic and Habitat for Humanity restoreFlagstaff was established in 1882, so it is 137 years old.
What type of things do you like to do?
The Flagstaff urban trail system would be good Buffalo park or the Sinclair wash trail are two easy ones I recommend. Also the area National Monuments Sunset Crater, Wupatki and Walnut Canyon would be great options.
your welcomeHello there!
There are a couple of sports bars and restaurants downtown. I'd recommend trying Majerle's on Route 66/San Francisco first, and then Charly's Pub & Grill, Collins Irish Pub, or The Market would also likely have the match on.(England scored already in the first 5 minutes!)
It'll definitely be an interesting game! Did you have any other questions?
Yes, there's The Garden Thrift just south of the tracks on Beaver Street/Phoenix Ave.
There are other thrift stores in driving distance as well.What can I help you with today?
Typically there is only free food during various festivals and events downtown, like the monthly Art Walk. If you're in need, there is the Food Bank located at 3805 E Huntington Drive on the east side of town.
There are a number of inexpensive food options downtown, though. I know that Fratelli's has slices of pizza that are usually around $3, and the pastries at Macy's Cafe and Mozelle's are reasonably priced, too.
Did you have any other questions?
The Visitor's Center at 1 E. Rte. 66 does have a city map. It has an enlarged section of the downtown area and most of the tourist attractions.Hello - let me know if you need anything else.
Yes, the Warner Bros. Studio Tour for classic films is offered on Thursday-Sunday only in Burbank, CA. Tickets must be booked online.
There is a self-guided Rte 66 tour that starts in the Historic Train Center on 1 E. Rte. 66. In the visitor's center, there is a self-guided map that shows the original alignment through the redeveloped Southside Historic District and passes by classic drive-in motels and Flagstaff landmarks of old. Let me know if you have further questions.
There are not any areas that are open to the general public, but the Pioneer Museum has a map of the tunnels. You could ask individual business owners if you could see them.
Hello. How can I help you?
There is two hour free parking on Rte 66, on the side streets east of San Francisco on the Southside, and there is free parking in the neighborhoods west of City Hall. Paid parking downtown is $1 per hour, pay with a credit card at the kiosks located throughout downtown by entering your license plate #. The parking system tracks your license plate and knows that you paid (no receipt given).
I do not have that information specifically, but hopefully the attached link will help. <link>
The Starlight bookstore on Leroux sells used books,15 N Leroux St, Flagstaff, AZ 86001. It is across the street from the visitor's center to the north. You can get a map of Flagstaff at the visitor's center to further help navigate.
Hello. How can I help you?
Many of the tent-only campgrounds just opened today in the Coconino National Forest (closest). Not all of them are opened just yet. Give Coconino National Forest a call at (928) 527-3600 to ask which campgrounds and if pets are allowed. Private campgrounds in the Flagstaff area will have a mix of RV and tent sites. Hope that helps.Hello. How can I help?
Red Curry Kitchen is a good vegan restaurant, 10 N San Francisco St, as well as Whyld Ass Restaurant 121 E. Birch Ave (just east of San Francisco). A lot of restaurants offer vegetarian options, including the locally-made Tepa vegetarian burgers.
Thorpe Park is your closest option with playground equipment. Santa Fe Ave. & Thorpe Park Rd. going towards Lowell Observatory.
