hello there! my name is <tour guide a>, what can i help you with?
 what kinds of things would your family like to do, and what is the age range of the group?
okay, so a pretty wide range. do you think your family would be interested in museums, outdoors, local attractions, etc?
would a scenic drive interest you all? the loop road up at SunsetC and wupatki national monuments would be a perfect place to visit to still take in the sights without any hiking.
 that loop road would be perfect, depending on when you and your family visit you could take everyone up to the arizona snowbowl for the chairlift ride. it brings you up to 11,500ft and you can go to the GrandC in the distance from the top. for a short walk around downtown, there is a historic walking tour brochure at the flagstaff visitor center and it's an easy walk where you can study the history of the town and look at the local shops and galleries.
at the flagstaff visitor center, we have a guide, explore flagstaff that gives a 5-day itinerary that you can expand into 10 days.
there are sections of different areas, such as day trips, GrandC, historic, etc,.
sure! for a day, i would say you can visit walnutc national monument - 15 minutes east of town on i-40 - go out to the meteor crater, then loop back to town for lunch then head up to the SunsetC and wupatki ruins.
you can get information on all of the attractions i have listed at our website, www.flagstaffarizona.org, then for any of the national monuments there is even their own websites. for the national parks, with a national parks pass there is no charge for everyone in the vehicle, otherwise it's $20/car at sunset and wupatki and $8/person at WalnutC.
not to worry, i understand! i'm looking at flagstaff365.com, and i noticed that there are quite a few concert series going on in august.
<link>
Here is the link to my August search.
flagstaff 365 is the events website for flagstaff, there are updates nearly every day with more events and activites
so even with nothing listed right now that would interest you or your family, other events are posted in a month or two for that timeframe.
you can go to www.flaglive.com for more music-focused events.
FlagLive does list events in verde valley,, otherwise these websites are flagstaff-focused.
 we won't have as much information for phoenix, . there is a downtown first friday event, like we do here in flagstaff, but also keep in mind that in august, phoenix will be significantly hotter than here in flagstaff. where we'll be in the 80s, the valley can be in the 110-120 range.
 for the music, your best bet will be to look at the FlagLive website. it will have the up-to-date information available, you can look at the oprheum's schedule at <link> for any rock bands coming in.
for the highlights of flagstaff, you can go to <link>
we don't have any night clubs. the closest i can recall is collins irish pub.
the MuseumC has line dancing, but that completely differs from a night club.
the orpheum is a concert venue, but there is also a bar in it that is open during performances.
not a problem, thank you for telling me! the MuseumC isn't a museum - it's a country music venue original to route 66. you can go to the schedule on the website at <link>
you will be taught to, so even without you knowing how to line dance it'd be easy to pick up!
is there anything else i can help you with? when you are in town, you can come by the flagstaff visitor center to pick up maps and brochures about what we've discussed. we're in the train station in downtown.
