hello there! my name is <tour guide a>. what shall i help you with today?
oh no, that is fine. flagstaff actually isn't too hot in the summer! we're at 7000 feet, so our summers are around 85 degrees f at the hottest.
a lot of visitors will either rent a car and travel to flagstaff or fly in to phoenix and rent a car there. phoenix is a 2.5 hour drive south of flagstaff, and the drive is easy.
you can take the arizona shuttle from the phoenix airport so you won't have to rent a car.
so you won't have to rent a car, there is a public bus system that you can take to many places in flagstaff. a day pass for the bus is $2.50, a lot of the bus schedules are convenient. as for leaving flagstaff, that gets trickier.
you can take the arizona shuttle to GrandC, for sedona and antcanyon you would need to take a tour. GrandC adventures is a tour company that operates out of flagstaff and can take you many places, for the sedona trip that would require a minimum of 4 guests.
 there is also the option of a private tour guide - johnny anaya is a local historian, and he will do private tours anywhere you want to go in NorthernAZ. he's taken visitors to sedona, grandc, and all the way up to monument valley.
for seeing the big highlights in town, you can do that in three days. i would start small, staying close to town to experience the attractions in the area, then you can spread out to sedona and the attractions that are farther out.
 what kind of hiking would you like to do? (level of difficulty, length, etc)
okay, for a moderate hike i would do either the oldham trails or the EldenLkt trail. both of the trails are out-and-back, meaning that you will need to turn around and go back down the trail when you want to head back. both go along mount elden.
oldham starts at BuffaloP and is an easy to moderate hike. you'll be in the forests for a majority of the time, but with some scenic viewpoints at places. eldenlkt is the one with a scenic view; you will view the volcano fields to the east of town from the top.
you can go to the usda website for more detailed information on the hikes in the flagstaff area, and there are trail maps on the website . <link>
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
