Hello there! My name is <Tour Guide A>. What kinds of things are you interested in doing?
okay. what kind of hiking would you like to do? we have hundreds of miles of trails of various lengths and levels of difficulty.
we have a lot of great views - the big one that everyone wants to do is humphreys peak. the trail is strenuous, a 6-8 hour roundtrip hike, but worth the trek! it is the tallest point in arizona. for something shorter, you could hike the EldenLkt trail on mount elden and get great views of the volcano fields to the east of town.
 another great hike that gets you away into nature is the bear jaw/abineau loop. it's also a more difficult trail, on the north side of the moutnains and even in june there can be snow up at the top, so it's a refreshing, different perspective of the area.
the last time i did bear jaw/abineau, it takes 5-6 hours. we stopped for a while at the stop of the trail for a break to take in the views.
as for post-hike restaurants, we have some great burger places - diablo burger is in the center of town, for a brewery you could go to the lumberyard for a beer and burger.
would you want hosted campsites, or are you interested in doing disbursed camping in the forest?
ok perfect. there is a motor vehicle use map that the usda prints once a year that has all of the allowed disbursed camping. there are quite a few areas on the forest roads on the way to bear jaw/abineau where you can camp. for a printed copy, you can pick that up either at the flagstaff visitor center or at either of the forest service offices in flagstaff.
 for a digital copy, you can get that on this webpage: <link>
the digital version differs from the printed map. on the printed map, any forest roads in grey that have dots on the sides of the road allow disbursed camping up to 300 feet off the road. no dots means 30 feet. i don't use the digital map often, so you would have to look at the key for that one.
 Is there anything else I can help you with today?
 Thank you! Have a good rest of your day.
