[T:] We are free this afternoon, aren't we, Mr John? 
Yes, we are visiting the exhibition this afternoon, and look around Beijing city, wouldn't we? 
It's very kind of you, Mr John.the sightseeing trip between our business talk will be sort of our work division.business can be make for pleasure.what kind of exhibition we're going to see? 
It's industrial exhibition, in origin show the results of new industrial products in the city. a lot of products there to meet the needs of home and export 
Could you give more detail information about some of the industries you just mentioned? 
Yes.take the oil industry for instance.you know there are twenty oil resources in China.you can see many chemical products in the exhibition.such as chemical fabrics as I dress. 
What the others? 
There are chemical materials, medicines, rubber, plastics and so on, many products and meet the domestic markets, we are also trying to meet international markets. 
How about textile industry? 
Textile is a traditional industry, which has completely catalogue, and solid basis and has developed in the past few years.the export is great, counting more than 25 % of export products 
That's surprising, three days ago when I went to yancheng store, I saw different kinds of textile goods. I've bought some for my wife, some for my friends.they seem very attractive. 
That's good. I think they must like them.in recently years, light industry have be developing in Standley, and place a credible role in our industry sister.these industry including leather, bikes, household electric products, clocks, sporting goods and so on.many of them are very popular at home and abroad. 
I'm sure I'll enjoy seeing them.and will have more information of your city industry.what is more? I'd like to visit if it is possible.the famous Goumi street in the city. 
No problem, this street is nearly built along the both sides of this street.there is stores, restaurant follow the style of tradition chinese building, the guest come there taste very traditional favorite dishes. 
I am sure I'll enjoy some real chinese food then.

