I'm sorry, your visa has expired. 
I'm afraid you'll need to have your visa extended before we can have you check in. 
Passport and disembarkation card, please. 
What is your purpose of visiting? 
How long are you staying here? 
All right. Thank you.Please bring your baggage here for inspection.
Is all your baggage here? 
Have you got anything to declare? 
Please put your baggage on the counter and open it, let me have a look. 
Anything subject to duty in your suitcase? 
Any cigarettes or liquor? 
I think you'll have to pay some duty on these cigarettes because they exceed the quota. And this article is liable for duty. 
One hundred dollars. 
Just a moment. I'll make out your duty memo. ( Writing and giving the memo to Mr. Green ) Take it and pay the girl over there. 
Yes, we have several rooms available. Would you like two twin beds or one queen size bed? 
The check in time is 2 p.m. If you get here before that time the room won't be ready. 
We offer a complementary breakfast buffet and free parking. 
Thank you. Your confirmation number is 611273.We have only one mid-size car left. 
It's 40 $plus tax per day on limited mileage. 
Can I see your driver's license? 
Please sign here.For 3 days $300, for 7 days $600. 
Okay. I'll write up the paperwork.What do you want, a single or a double one? 
How long do you intend to stay? 
We have one single room on the fifth floor. 
It's very quiet, sir. 
It's 150 yuan per day including a 10 % service charge. 
Would you please fill in the registration form? 
As a hotel policy, we require one day's room charge as a deposit for guests without reservation. 
Your room number is 505. This is your key. The bellboy will help you with the baggage.Welcome. How can I help you? 
All right. We have quite a selection for you to choose from. There are double rooms with twin beds, suites, if you'd like, we have presidential suite on the top floor. 
All right sir. How many nights will you be staying? 
OK. I'll just need to see a credit card and passport. 
What is the rate for a double room for one night? 
What about the features in the room? 
Does the TV have cable? 
Good afternoon. What can I do for you? 
Your name, please? 
Wait for a minute, Mr. Brown, a single room with bath from today to the fifteenth. 
Would you like to register now? 
Could you fill out this registration form, please? 
Yes. Thank you. May I see your passport, please? 
Thank you. Will you be paying in cash or by credit card? 
Your room number is 210. The bellboy will show you the way there. I hope you enjoy your stay. 
May I see your driver's license, please? 
We have Honda, Citroen and Toyota. Which make and model do you prefer? 
The price is 60 euro per day. Do you want insurance? 
That's an extra 10 euro a day. 
Yes.Sorry, sir. The train has already left. 
Yes. Your ticket is valid for three days. 
You have to have your ticket checked. 
No extra charge at all. But your berth will be invalid.Can I help you? 
A single? 
Please fill out this form, sir. 
Here are your keys. Check out time is noon. 
No.At 10:30. 
Yes, it is. 
Single or return? 
10 pounds. 
It's platform 5. 
You are welcome.Can I help you?
May I have your name, please? 
OK. Let me see. Air China has a flight on October 15th at 10:00 in the morning. 
Single or return? 
Economy fare for single ticket from New York to Beijing is 400 dollars. 
Yes. Please arrive at the airport one hour before departure. 
It will leave at 3:00 p.m. 
It should be due in at 7:30 a.m.tomorrow. 
It's 86 coach and 175 berths 
Yes. There are trains at 7:59, 9:18, and 10:32. 
At 9:36. 
There's one at 7:10 p.m. and the next one is at 7:40 p.m. 
If you get on before 4 p.m. or after 6 p.m., there is a saver return which is 9 pounds. An ordinary return is 16 pounds. 
Which train do you want? 
Sorry. There aren't any tickets available for the 19:00 train. 
The next train will leave at 20 : O5. 
180 yuan. 
Here are your ticket and change.Excuse me, madam. May I see your ticket, please? 
Where are you going? 
Where did you begin your journey? 
OK. Here you are. 
We'll get there around 7:45 in the morning. 
Yes, it is. Please put your luggage on this scale. 
Yes, it is. How many pieces of hand luggage do you have? 
Can I see your ticket please? 
Ok, Mr. Smith. Do you have any bags to check? 
And would you prefer a window seat or an aisle seat? 
Boarding time is 10:20 am. 
Gate 29C. Have a nice flight.What's your last name? 
Yes, I do show your reservation. How could you like to pay for the room? 
Fine. Here is your room key, here is also a map of our hotel. The swimming pool, gym and sauna are all located on first floor. 
Yes. If you want to order room service, just press 0 on your phone, and that will connect you with the front desk.Here's your bill. 
Certainly. 
Goodbye. Hope to see you again.Good morning, sir. May I help you? 
OK. In cash or by credit? 
Five hundred and thirty yuan altogether including charges for service. 
Not at all. Welcome again.Good coming, sir. What can I do for you? 
Certainly. Please wait a moment. Here is your bill. 
This is the charge for your laundry service on Nov. 20thA 
Would you mind waiting a moment while we check it with the department concerned? 
I'm very sorry, Mr. Bob. There has been a mistake. We'll correct the bill. 
Thank you very much. Hope to see you again.Is there anything I can do for you, Mr. King? 
Is it all right for you to pay the bill this evening? 
At the Cashier's Counter of our hotel, right in the lobby downstairs. 
All right. Is your companion leaving for Shanghai with you? 
Shall I make out a single bill or two separate bills? 
OK. I'll surely have the bill ready for this evening. 
No problem. By the way, do you have any comment to make on our hotel? 
Thank you for your compliments. You're welcome to our hotel again. 
Good evening. Welcome to Mansion Hotel. 
Last name, Rodgers? 
Very well. Welcome, Mr. Rodgers. Would you please fill out the registration card? How are you doing today? 
Mr. Rodgers, how would you handle your account? 
I will check to see if there any messages for you? Well, here is one message for you. 
Certainly, I can take care of that for you. What time would you like the wake-up call? 
Mr. Rodgers, this is George. He will take care of your luggage and show you to your room. If there is anything I can do for you, please let me know. 
Have a pleasant stay.Good afternoon madam. What can I do for you? 
OK. Please hold on a minute. So you checked in on Monday and stayed 3 nights in single room 1005. Is that right? 
OK. Here you are. If there are no questions, could we have your signature in the blank below? 
Here it is. We are pleased to serve you here and we look forward to seeing you again. Wish you have a good day.Yes, sir. What's the matter? 
Well, we are rather full, sir. I'm not sure if I'll be able to find a vacant room. 
OK, sir. I'll do my best.No, you don't. Just fill out this card and sign your name and room number on it. 
Yes, will this do? 
Wait a minute. This is your safe box key, don't lose it. You'll have to pay two thousand yuan if you lose the key. 
What's the matter? 
Can I have your keys, please? Thank you. Here's your statement. 
Oh, these are the phone charges and these are for something from the bar. 
I know, sir. Those aren't telephone company charges. Those are hotel charges. 
I'm sorry, sir. It's our policy. 
Thank you. Welcome to our hotel again.Sure. What's your room number, sir? 
A minute, please. It's 6215 yuan all together, tax included. 
Sure. Can I have your passport, please? 
Checking out time is twelve. Guests will avoid an additional days room charge by checking out on time. 
We won't charge any extra if you'd vacate the room by two o'clock. 
Yes. We can put it in our storage room. 
There will be no charge on baggage left by guests who have checked out. 
Good morning. What can I do for you? 
I'm sorry to hear that. This room is at the end of the corridor. It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when everything is quiet. 
I'm awfully sorry, Miss. I do apologize. We'll manage it, but we don't have any spare room today. Could you wait till tomorrow? A tour company will be leaving tomorrow morning. There'll be some rooms for you to choose from. 
Be sure. And if there is anything more you need, please let us know. 
You're welcome. I hope you'll be more comfortable in your new room.Go to Gate 56, the plane is now boarding, you must hurry. 
Instead of walking you can take this shuttle to get you there faster. 
No, I will call the attendants at the gate. I'll tell them you are on your way. 
You're welcome, have a safe trip.No problem. But how? 
Ok. I am done. You have nothing on the list left behind. But I suggest you take sneakers with you. 
It is necessary for you to walk on the street. Otherwise, it will be not good to wear high heeled shoes. 
You do need to take some medicines with you. Just in case. 
Hi, are you Catherine? 
Thanks, good to meet you, too. 
Yes, and the food was horrible! 
Great! How will we be getting there? 
Ms. Wang, this is Mr. Cooper, president of Ivy Publishing. 
Nice to meet you, Ms. Wang. You must be exhausted after your long trip from Canada. 
Good evening, sir. Are you Mr Jim Stewart from the States? 
Glad to meet you, Mr Stewart. I'm the guide from Pacific Tour Agency. My name is Zhang Hua. 
I'm always at your service, sir. By the way, did you have a pleasant trip? 
Well, shall we go to the hotel right now? I've already made a reservation for you. 
So we must get you to the hotel as soon as possible. I hope to see you refreshed and revitalized tomorrow morning, as we are going to visit the Great Wall. 
Come this way, please. The coach is waiting outside. 
Excuse me, are you Sara Wilson? 
Nice to meet you too. Let me help you with your bags. 
Wow, you're not kidding. Hold on a second. Hello, could you give us a hand, please?Would you like to go sightseeing tomorrow? 
What would you like to see in Beijing? 
OK. I'll pick you up here tomorrow.Maintenance Department. May I come in? 
Did you call us? 
What's the problem? 
Let me have a look. I think the batteries should be changed. Let me replace them with new ones. Now, it's working. 
Is there anything else I can do for you? 
If you have any problems, just call us. 
Excuse me, sir. What would you like to eat, Chinese food or western food? 
Are you going to have this set course or have dinner in the dining room? 
Please put down the table in front of you. It's more comfortable that way. 
It's my pleasure. What would you like to drink, milk, tea, coffee, orange juice or iced water? 
Yes, here you are. Enjoy your meal. 
OK, enjoy yourself, sir. 
It is beef. Do you like it? 
You are welcome. Please press that button if you need any help. 
Seat 30B is right here, sir. You may take your seat. I'll put your bag in the above compartment. 
Yes, sir. I'll bring you a menu shortly after we take off. 
Here you are. 
It is a six-hour flight with an-hour layover in Los Angles. 
I see. What is your baggage? And do you remember the tag's number or color? 
Could you give me a description of your case? 
I'll check it for you. I've found it. Is this yours? 
Will you show me your key card, please? 
All right. Now you can take your case awayWhat seems to be the problem? 
Well, let me get that out of your way. Would you like to order something else from the menu? Or I could bring you another order of chicken if you'd like. 
Yes, we do. How would you like it cooked? 
Sure. Let's see it. 
What size of prints would you like to have? 
Only four hours. 
I am the manager here. You can complain to me. How may I help you? 
I apologize for everything disturbing you. We will give another room to you right now. Please wait a moment.There is a shop on the ground floor. It sells both Chinese and foreign cigarettes. 
Yes, sir. There is a counter selling all kinds of souvenirs 
There is one at the end of the corridor. 
You are welcome.Not at all. What would you like to see first? 
Let's walk around the lake first, shall we? 
Have you been here before? 
I will take you to Li River after walking around here. 
Yes, you'll be in a different world there.Well, there are two Hilton Hotels around here. Which one is your destination? 
Then, it would be a little bit harder to find out your way. Do you remember the name of the street, or one or two landmarks? 
Good, any other clues? 
Oh, is there a bank near there, Standard Charted possibly? 
That's the second branch hotel of Hilton. Walk straight down and you will see the bookstore you just mentioned. Turn left, I believe, you will get it. 
What's your flight number? 
Are you a transfer passenger, sir? 
Then the north line is the right track for you to take. 
Yes, there is one at Sanyuan Bridge. It is a famous restaurant in the city. 
I think so. I think you'd better make a phone call to see whether there is a table available. 
Here is a tourist guidebook. You can look it up in the book. 
It's a pleasure.Would you like to go by train or by bus? 
The bus is cheaper but also slower. It will take about two-and-a-half hours. 
If you take the fast train, it will take about 50 minutes. 
The trains for Cambridge leave from King's Cross Station. They run approximately every half hour. Most trains to Cambridge go from Platform 9. 
The best way is to take an underground tube train directly to King's Cross. The Underground station is just round the corner from here. 
It is very easy. Just turn right when you leave and then turn right again at the first crossroads. The entrance to the Underground station is about 50 meters further on. 
You're welcome.Yes. 
About one day. It arrives in Dalian at 10:00 a.m. tomorrow. 
Four ports. 
Perhaps she makes about 25 knots an hour. 
Yes. I hope it will remain fine all the way.Will you be here long? 
There are many tourist attractions in Hong Kong. 
Let me give you some brochures to look over.Thank you. Nice to meet you too. I'm John. Is this your first time to take a long-distance trip on plane? 
Oh, I am sorry to hear that. Take it easy. It will be OK soon. You see, I take this long-hour plane frequently, but the jet lag still makes me uneasy. 
Yes, whenever I think about China, I'd see the Tian'an Men Square. China is a very beautiful country. And I've seen many landmarks in China but I like the Great Wall most. 
[T:] Was it built before the In dynasty? I thought it was in the Ming dynasty. 
[T:] Oh, yeah. Thought I am an American, I know quite a lot about China and I like Chinese tea very well. 
[T:] Yeah, many of my friends like Chinese tea and whenever I go back to China, I'll take some Dragon-well green tea for them. 
[T:] I heard about it, but I don't have any clothes made from silk. 
[T:] Oh, I'm eager to have a try.We are going to Jingshan Park. Originally it was an imperial garden while it is now a public park. 
It is at the north of Forbidden City, on the central axis of Beijing. 
Jingshan consists of five individual peaks, and there lies an elaborate pavilion on the top of each peak. These pavilions were used for gathering and leisure time. These five peaks also draw the approximate historical axis of central Beijing. 
According to the dictates of Eng Shut, it is favorable to site a residence to the south of a nearby hill. When the capital was moved to Beijing, no hill existed at this location, so one was constructed. It is called " Coal Hill ". The last emper-or of Ming Dynasty, Chongzhen, committed suicide by hanging himself here in 1644. 
Jingshan Park is especially a popular place for old people socializing and gathering. People can often find elder folks dancing, singing opera and other cultural activities at Jingshan Park.Ladies and gentlemen, now we are in the National Forest Park. 
The stone is a prehistoric log. It was turned to stone millions of years ago. 
But it's the truth. 
We don't have them here, I'm afraid. Ginkgo trees grow well only in cold weather. 
They are poplar trees. They are widely used in our lives. 
Every honored guests, welcome to Hang Thou. Now we are visiting Tiger-running Spring. 
Its name originates from a legend that two tigers run here and made a hole, and then a spring gushed out from it. 
The Longing Tea and the Tiger-running Spring water are always considered as the "Two Wonders in West Lake." 
That's right. All my guests, attention please. We will have half an hour to visit the spring and take photos. And next spot will be the Moon Reflected in Three Pools. 
Well, it depends on what you have. 
It takes only one day and you could experience almost all the famous spots in the city, I don't think you would like to miss it. 
50 dollars per person. 
Of course. Please take it easy. 
Why not?Here it is. 
You just missed one. 
In an hour. 
No, they come every hour on the hour. 
You are welcome.Are you a visitor here? 
Have you been used to your new life? 
It's called ' Endless Love '. It was a gift from a sister city in Australia for the 100th anniversary of the city. 
Just two months ago. There were very big celebrations and there was a spectacular fireworks display. I took part in the great parade myself. 
Yes. We all loved the celebration of our city's birthday. It made the people feel so proud of our city.For what days, madam? 
Do you prefer an aisle or a window seat? 
How would like to pay? 
I have booked you for one window seat on American airline flight No. 409. Have a good trip!Good morning. Can I help you? 
Just a moment, please. I am sorry, sir. There is no ticket available on that day. But we have flights for Hong Kong the next day. 
A 9:12 flight in the morning and a 14:00 flight in the afternoon. 
At 10:20 
All right, sir. Please reconfirm your ticket no later than 12 noon two days before the flight ; otherwise, your reservation will automatically be canceled. 
It's 500 dollars, not including ground transportation fares between the airport and downtown. 
Right, sir. And please do not forget to bring a valid travel document with you when you buy the tickets. 
Reservation, may I help you? 
For how many people? 
May I have your name?Yes, we have a nice room on the sixth floor. 
200 yuan a night. 
Yes. And could I have your name? 
How long do you want to stay? 
Sure. We'll be there in a few minutes. 
We'd like to. You may call the attendant if you need any help.Do you have any seat preferences, sir? 
Yes. Would you like a window seat? 
When will you set out? 
OK. There is one on Wednesday. 
Eight hundred yuan. 
No. It doesn't. But it includes all other on board activities. 
9:25 on Platform 12, Track B. 
It should be there at 11:45, but it may be a little late. 
It's $32.00.[U:] Have you traveled by air before? 
[U:] Let me tell you. First you must buy a ticket. 
[U:] Then you must go to the airport. 
[U:] Not Yet. Listen to me. Don't forget to take your ID card with you. 
[U:] Something like a passport. 
[U:] No, you also need a boarding pass. 
It's my pleasure! 
It is allowed to carry 55 pounds for each passenger. 
You will have to pay some for every extra pound. 
You can bring one, if you want to.It's about twelve hours. 
Sure. Let me see... at 6:15 a.m. local time tomorrow. 
And that'll be 10:15 p.m. Taipei time.Sorry. No. You need to transfer to a connect flight in the middle. 
You have to do it. But it takes only about 30 minutes. 
It has become more time saving. 
Hello. Can I help you? 
I'm afraid it is still being washed. 
Yes, we can. But you need wait a moment. 
Yes, it will be ready then. 
No problem.There are many famous resorts in Egypt. You can have a good time here. 
I'm afraid two days isn't enough for you to see all the places of interest. 
If I were you, the pyramid would be my first choice. It's so magnificent. 
You needn't worry about it. There are many stores at the scenic spots. I'm sure you can get what you want. 
Yes indeed. It has a very strict inspection so it takes a pretty long Be for everyone. 
Yes, a lot. Stuffs which are explosive, radioactive and poisonous are forbidden. 
Yes, you do. And you need to put out liquid items and your laptop in the box for inspection. 
Yes, absolutely. But this is for everyone's sake, so we should do it as needed.Yes, there is. There is only one ship there every day. 
It leaves at 9:30 a.m.. 
Yes, all the cabins are fit for two. 
At Pier Five. 
First, you should check the schedule and see which trains go to Suzhou. Make sure which train you want to take and book a ticket. 
It depends on which train do you take. 
Yes, it stops more than ten times on the way to Suzhou. 
About fifteen hours.Yes? 
Sure. There's a lot here in this pamphlet. 
Take the subway. It's $1.50 per ride. You can buy a petrol card at the station. 
My pleasure.Good morning! What can I do for you? 
With pleasure. We arrange two kinds of tourist programs for Suzhou, a six-day tour by train and a five-day flying journey. 
Five hundred yuan. 
Oh, yes, and admission tickets for places of interest as well. 
Eight hundred and fifty yuan. 
Yes. But there is no half fare for children. They must pay full fare.Sure. The coach leaves at 6:30 a.m., in front of our office. The drive takes eight hours, with two stops to see some sights. 
You'll be staying at Holiday Inn. It's a three-star hotel with two restaurants and a swimming pool. 
The second day you take a four-hour city tour. In the afternoon you go on the famous boat cruise under the falls.Have you been to the Queen Street West? 
You can find the most fashionable restaurants there. And also you can see the galleries, antique shops and the ballrooms.Vancouver is the third largest city in Canada. 
There are many famous places such as Robson Street, Stanley Park, Gaston, Lion Gate Bridge, The Vancouver Art Gallery, and The Canadian Crafts Museum.The Chinatown in Vancouver is the second largest Chinatown in the North America.Do you know how the national flag of Canada looks like? 
There is a maple leaf on the flag.It is because Montreal is a bilingual city. 
But it's a good opportunity to learn French. 
Take it easy. I have the confidence to learn it well.Most people in Montreal speak French. 
Only less than 20 percent of the citizens speak English.Toronto is really a lovely place to visit. 
The Old Town, the Distillery Historic District, the Financial District and Underground City, everything is so attractive.It is a significant document for traveling abroad and visiting. 
There are passport processing center in many places. Visa is dealt with in embassies. You need to complete several forms and provide certain certificate. 
Not too long. 14 working days for a visa. 
Your passport and ID card.Our pleasure. We have several package tours you may choose, from ten days to three weeks in Europe. 
I have one ten-day tour that is still available. It will depart from New York on December 24th. 
The price for one person for a ten-day tour is only 1,099 US dollars, which includes round trip airfare. 
Ok, but don't delay too long, or that trip will be all booked.Elegance Hotel, is there anything I can do for you? 
All right, single or double room? 
All right. We have a single room available right now. 
578 yuan a night, plus VAT, including air-conditioner and TV. 
Yes, it includes English breakfast. For the phone, I am afraid you can not. 
Would you like to confirm the reservation?Oriental China Airlines. Good morning, may I help you? 
Lady, let me check. Do you want the morning or the afternoon flight? 
2:30 
First class or economy? 
Well, afternoon flight on December 10th to Shanghai. May I have your name, please? 
You may take it up at the ticket office. That is located on International Street 150.I'm calling to confirm your booking. 
You are booked on the A943 on 16/11 at 17:30 pm to Hong Kong with Cathy Pacific. 
Good morning, room reservations. Can I help you? 
A single room from June 18th to 20th. Is that correct? 
OK. Do you need a limousine service? 
A hundred and eighty yuan for one way. We have a counter at the airport where our representative will lead you to the car. 
Thank you, sir. We look forward to serving you.Sunshine Hotel. 
With or without private bathroom? 
Sorry, we haven't got any. But we have a room without private bath room. 
160 yuan. 
Of course yes.Room Reservations. May I help you? 
In whose name was the reservation made? 
What was the date of the reservation? 
Excuse me, but is the reservation for yourself or for another party? 
May I have your name and phone number, please? 
Thank you, sir. I will cancel Mr. White's reservation from November 21st for 4 nights. We look forward to another chance to serve you.Hello, this is Hilton Hotel. How may I help you? 
OK. What kind of room do you want? We have single rooms, twin rooms, double rooms and suites available on Friday. 
Let me check. Yes. 
When do you check in? How long are you planning to stay? Do you have any special requirements? 
OK. No problem.Abby Park Hotel. Can I help you? 
Certainly sir. Could I have your arrival and departure dates? 
We have a double room for you with a nice view of the park. Would that be OK? 
It is ninety-five pounds per night. It is a double room with a bathroom. There is a fridge, coffee maker and a television in the room. 
All our bathrooms have full size baths with a shower attachment. 
Yes, all our rooms have complimentary wireless Internet. 
Yes, breakfast is included in the price. Our guests have the choice of a full English breakfast or a continental breakfast. 
Certainly, Sir.Royal Hotel, can I help you? 
Yes, we have. What kind of room would you like? 
No problem, sir.Hotel front desk. 
For what time? 
Yes, sir. What can I do for you? 
I'll have that taken care of immediately. 
No problem. We'll bring you the towels in just a minute. 
How can I help you? 
Will that be all, sir? 
I'll have someone bring that up right away. How would you like to pay for the dinner? 
All right, sir. You should receive your dinner in about ten minutes.Front Desk.
Yes, what time would you like a wake-up call? 
Front Desk. What can I do for you? 
What time do you want us to wake you up? 
OK. I've set it up for you. 
The hotel operator. Anything I can do for you? 
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm afraid it is often the case during the peak hours. Shall I ask them to call you when the line is free? 
No trouble at all. May I know your name and room number? 
I see. Wait in the room, please. 
Good morning. May I speak to Mr. Black, please? 
This is the Front Desk. I'm afraid that the air conditioning in your room needs repair. We would like to request you to change your room. We are very sorry for the inconvenience. 
What time is the most convenient for you to change rooms, sir? 
What time will you be back? 
We could move your luggage while you are out, but could you take any valuables with you? You may pick up your new room key No. 216 from the Front Desk when you return. 
Thank you very much, sir.Good evening. May I help you? 
Oh, no, never. What's the exact time you'd like us to call you tomorrow morning? 
It won't take long. 20 minutes is enough. Is that OK if I call you at 6:30 a.m.? 
It's a pleasure. Good night. Have a good sleep.This is the Bell Captain's Desk. May I help you? 
I'm very sorry to hear that. May I have your name and room number, please? 
And how many pieces did you have? 
Is there a name tag attached to them? 
We're very sorry for the delay. I'll check immediately and call you back.Good afternoon. I'll show you to your room. 
Could you tell me which bags are yours? 
Could you wait a moment? I have to get a trolley. May I see your room key, please? 
Thank you. Room 402. You're on the 4th floor. This way, please.Good morning, Room Service. May I help you? 
OK, sir. We offer two types of lunch, Chinese food and western food. Which one would you prefer? 
Rice, egg, beef and vegetables. 
I see. May I have your name and room number, please? 
Let me confirm your order, Mr. White in Room 204, Chinese food. Is that right? 
Your order will be ready soon, thank you for calling.Good morning, Maintenance Department. 
Which air conditioner? 
What seems to be the problem? 
May I have your room number, please? 
OK, we'll send someone up to check it. 
Fine. The housekeeper will open the door and stay in the room with the repairmen.Room Service. May I help you? 
Have you switched on the radiator? 
We're terribly sorry for that. We'll send our staff io fix it now. Or do you want to change your room? 
OK. Is it convenient for us to come now? 
Good evening, this is housekeeping. May I help you? 
Yes, sir. We'll be there shortly. 
Everything is OK now. 
You are welcome. It's our job to keep things running smoothly.Housekeeping, may I help you? 
May I have your room number, please? 
505. Let me check it out. Just a moment, please. I'm sorry. You're right. We have found your sweater. We made a mistake delivering the laundry. We'll send it up to your room at once. We're very sorry for the inconvenience 
Housekeeping. May I help you? 
Of course. What room are you in, sir? 
And do you know which room the noise is coming from? 
Thank you. We'll take care of it. Please let us know if there's anything else we can do to make your stay more comfortable. 
Just a second and I'll check the schedule. 
American Airlines has a flight leaving at 9:25 a.m. 
You have to be there two hours before departure time.May I help you, sir? 
When do you want to go? 
There's a train at 7 a.m. It'll get you there at 11 a.m. But there are many stops along the way. 
Yes, there is one at 8: 30 a.m. That arrives at 11:35 a.m.
Is there anything I can do? 
May I recommend the popular route? It's a seven days ' trip and cost $500. 
Everything, sir, including the air tickets, accommodation and gate tickets. 
Good afternoon. I've brought the extra blanket you asked for. 
Is there anything I can do for you now? 
Certainly, sir.
Yes, of course. There are various forms of travel. 
There is no need. We have the tour everyday.
Oh, what's up? 
Well, the best thing to do is to go down to the front desk and ask for a duplicate key.