[Tourist:] Hello?
[Tech for Tourism - Research Page:] Hello there! My name is <Tour Guide>. What can I help you with today?
[Tourist:] My family wants to come visit me from Virginia. I've been in Flagstaff since August but haven't explored much. Visitors are my sister, her husband, and their three young children (ages 8, 5, 2)
They want to see the Grand Canyon but are open to other excursions
They're outdoorsy, but with a toddler I'd like some children-friendly suggestions
we've got one of those backpacks you put a toddler in
also, they're not sure their date of travel yet, might be august, thanksgiving, or christmas. should i be worried about snow closures?
[Tech for Tourism - Research Page:] What kinds of things do they like to do? Buffalo Park is always a great option for smaller excursions, and the trails are easy for little ones.
There's also the scenic chairlift at the Arizona Snowbowl that all ages can enjoy.
One moment, let me read through the rest.
[Tourist:] The parents and oldest kid like mountain-biking, know any good (easy) trails?
will the Grand Canyon be open for them for xmas? what are the odds of snow closure at the south rim?
[Tech for Tourism - Research Page:] Ok, so for August there is a chance of monsoons but otherwise it is always lovely to go outdoors and hike and mountain bike.
Grand Canyon is open year-round, except for government shut downs, which we've had issues with in the past. The most they do is close the road to the desert view watchtower for wintery road conditions.
Winter is actually a great time of year to go to the Canyon, because it's the off-season and there will be a lot less travellers there during that time.
[Tourist:] should we be worried about icy trails and the kids?
[Tech for Tourism - Research Page:] That really depends on the weather. It's unpredictable here, as we saw this past winter where we barely had any snow, and so we never know what the weather is going to do. The best thing to do is check with the staff at the Grand Canyon visitor center, or give them a call in the weeks leading up to the trip to see what the trail conditions are like. With little ones, if you're concerned about the rim, I would stay close to the main village area and Mather Point, which are both much more secure.
[Tourist:] Great. What about other places/activities near Flagstaff and south?
Any recommendations?
And do you know where I can find out about cultural events? Like if the Navajo or Hopi Nations are doing something?
[Tech for Tourism - Research Page:] For the cultural events, the Museum of Northern Arizona hosts several festivals throughout the year. If you go to their website, www.musnaz.org, and click on "Programs & Events," you'll be able to see the full list of festivals. Beyond that, we do have some national monuments close to Flagstaff that are ruins - Wupatki are pueblo ruins 45 minutes north of town, and Walnut Canyon is only 15 minutes east on 40, and those are cliff ruins.
[Tourist:] Cool, I'll visit the website in a bit.
Those are all the questions I have.
[Tech for Tourism - Research Page:] Okay perfect. I'm glad I could help!